All right welcome back.
My just did.
And so hopefully you got your.
No Jason stoled and hopefully you were able to set up the global command to install it anywhere in your
computer.
All right.
So you have to do is go to your terminal is open my terminal right here and type in NPM.
Install right in that should actually start installing all the no package manager dependencies just
start installing a whole bunch of things you're going to see a lot of words here.
The reason why I don't do that is because I already did it right.
But this is super easy stuff.
All right you're going to see a lot of words here and should take around 1 minute to install them.
All right depending on your system if you have a fast internet connection going is going to take maybe
30 seconds.
All right.
And if it doesn't do anything you have any type of issue here remember.
And I've got an article here for you.
All right.
And how I found that when I went online and type this is one of the popular errors that you will find
gold now found.
And I went and did that and I went here and you can see that you need to make sure that it is global
this high fringy senseful global.
OK.
So make sure that it is available in the command line in a global way and then you can go here to your
terminal install.
If you don't work again restart your terminal restart your editor and try again.
All right there is a lot of the Clemente's shown how to install this out there any errors you have you
start putting Google guys and you should find the answer.
Right.
But once you have it installed and you know all the dependencies are installed go to your gold file
.
Yes right now.
First of all the reason why we doing this is because we're going to be compiling a lot of files.
I'm going to show you right now you should have these files see SS funds.
NJ is right.
You download it either on the last lecture or the lecture before that.
If you haven't asked for your for these files.
Or go to the selection download the more I make sure that you have them all right this is what we're
going to do.
Let's go to the dogs and let's include these files in our project.
Let's go to our call hacking project.
Let's go to resources assets and this is where we are going to be dropping your dad J.S. and the C Ss
hoops.
All right so they're going to be outside resources assets there.
Now what the public.
And here you're going to be dropping funds.
All right.
That's it.
Now what we're going to be doing is we're going to be compiling all those files.
We're going to be making all the files into one file so that way our application doesn't keep asking
a lot of requests when when he's asking for those styles or scripts.
Right.
Hopefully you get the point.
It just makes our application a lot faster.
So let's face synchronizes you're going to see that being assets.
There we go.
We have these files here and the reason why they read right now is because my idea of a BHB storm is
detecting that is not at its worst in control.
So once we finish doing this we're going to have to add OK that way we save our project.
So as you can see the CSSA is there the J S files are here.
So we're going to grab all of these files here all of it and we're got to create a folder here and make
compile this into one file.
Right now we're not going to do this manually guys.
That's why we have golpe or elixir.
Right.
If you want more information about them make sure that at the end of this section actually you can go
right now on Google and type Claribel later and you can find out some more information.
All right.
So this is what we're going to do.
We're going to use two methods all right to compile or styles styles is one method.
And we're going to take an array of paths and files and then we're going to go and cottony that with
another Manticore's scripts.
I'm not making this up I'm not making this up guys use me these mentors are already there.
All right let me just make sure that they are in a straight line or something there that's fine.
Ok cool.
So now I'm not going to type all these guys.
Well I am.
But you're not going to see me I'm going to pause a video.
Well we're going to do is we're going to say listen style method you're going to go to the live folder
and then you're going to file a file called blog post C Ss.
Garcia says actually.
All right.
And they don't want you to find another file.
Actually we should put this here.
You're going to find other file in the list for there again and this one is going to be called Bootstrap
C Ss and you keep doing that for all of them marae and dishtowels med is going to be looking inside
their assets folder in looking for sucessful.
Aides say there is going to be looking for this for that.
Where do you find the right here.
All right.
And then of course with the file name.
So what I want you to do is I want you to actually finishes up and write all these files down.
And I want you to type.
OK I want you to get a practice and I want you also do this for the scripts right here.
Very similar to that but remember that he has an extension dodger.
Yes.
All right.
And he has a folder for folder name.
Well actually you don't have to worry about that.
It's you know the Scripps method is going to be looking for this folder.
Right finished.
I got a puzzle video finished that in one second.
So I just finished you saw that I was fast right.
All right.
So I go oh these files include a year in my array inside this method and I'm going to use a second parameter
here to tell it where I want these files to be compiled to.
And I want them in the public directory.
Public.
And Jay if I find the J is Forder if you don't find it created that's what this function is going to
do or this method should I say let's create that one too if you don't have it actually make the file
.
We're going to make that a file.
All right.
And we're going to do something very similar to this one second parameter that and Pawlick Yes and lives
.
Yes.
Actually this is a CSSA guys sorry about that.
All right.
So as you can see all these files are going to be compiled to be lefse that see assess and know there's
going to be compiled to be lives that yes.
All right and all you have to do is come back here and I got my alarm telling me that I've been on this
lecture for too long guys.
All right.
Anyway are you going to do down here.
Come and say golpe.
All right.
And this douses now the find will we have some type of error here and we're going to find it actually
reference styles and other fine applications.
Right live to our humans.
Let's find out if it did it already.
Sometimes they get this type of errors and they actually worked.
So I'm going to synchronize everything.
And I go to public folder right here
and something went wrong.
Maybe some syntax error or something.
This doesn't look right right here.
OK let's try it again.
Had a little space.
There we go.
Styles right.
All all OK.
I see.
This is CSSA.
Guys I don't know where I have my head so the ice is not G C Ss will go up.
Still another error here somewhere.
All right scripts.
Correctly public is lips.
Synchronizes and then again
let's look at there a reference styluses Now the fine is having an issue with my with my style's
function here is saying that it's not defined.
And the reason why is because I'm forgetting these little dot right here.
There we go.
I'm going to leave this lecture guys so I will you guys can see the issues and how do we solve them
.
Golpe All right.
So he's doing that and you're going to get these NADJI as little pop up right here on the screen.
Really cool stuff.
Lot of elixir.
And let's go and check it out.
So let's do synchronize.
Here we go.
As you can see it created the CSSA for their eyes.
And the fun and the J.S. folders and files and right now everything is magnified into their lives.
That's success.
All right.
And of course we have a knob that says because we also compile this SAS file right here.
So pretty cool stuff right.
All right.
Well guys I'll see that lecture when we where we are going to be continuing with our course.
Take care.